i

Reaper: THIS IS MY FIRST BATMAN STORY - DON'T KILL ME! I've recently been pulled into Batman and let me tell you - I'VE FALLEN IN LOVE~! Like serious, why the muffin didn't I get into Batman sooner? Granted, Dick Grayson is my favorite character, but Damian is my favorite Robin. Well, second favorite. Dick is my FAVORITE Robin. Period. Uh - ANYWAYS. I got this idea when I was looking through the BatmanxHP crossover fics and realized I didn't see any with Dick or Damian. This kind of shocked me. Dude, Damian would be perfect to throw into a magic-learning school! Seriously, he would...y'know, when he wasn't threatening everyone and stuff. ANYWAYS, I'll apologize before hand that the characters might be (more likely) OOC. Sorry about that - I'm never good with getting a character's personality down. NEVER.

Title: Point That Wand at Me and See What Happens

Summary: Damian Wayne and Dick Grayson never expected to attend a magical school. One a teacher and the other a under aged student. Of course, the students don't know who to fear more - the revived Dark Lord or the newest addition to their student population - Damian. With Harry suffering from nightmares connected to Voldemort, what will become of the famous Boy-Who-Lived as he gets tangled in the drama surrounding the demon-child and the muggle teacher?

Pairings: Whatever. I'm warning you now - one way or another, there will be some form of SLASH in this story. Just saying that now - I don't care if it is one-sided, fluff, or eefing daydreaming - you will see some form of slash in this story. If you don't like it, you don't like. You can skip over it or click the back button. Just don't bitch to me about 'ew, don't make it slash' or 'ew, that's so grow'. My fanfic, MY PAIRINGS. If you have a pairing you'd like to have shown in this story, don't be afraid to ask. I will only ask one thing - NO CROSSOVER PAIRINGS. That means, N.O. on Harry suddenly falling in love with Damian or Hermione throwing herself at Dick. No. Just, no. I don't like pairings like that so please, don't ask. I repeat, please don't ask. If you are wishing a specific character from a DC comic, please just be all 'yo, author dude, can I have -insert person- come in so like, -character- could have their buddy-buddy/girlfriend?' Yeah, I don't even care if you ask in that type of way. Whatever floats your boat.

Rating: T just because of Damian...he needs his own rating - Rating D for Damian. Seriously.

DISCLAIMER: I. OWN. NOTHING. DC Comics and J. own their characters. I MERELY own the idea (if that) and the random OCs that will be popping up.

WITH THAT BEING SAID - READ ON! Oh yeah, and forgive me for my writing - it isn't the best. Also, if you see any mistakes or errors, please fell free to point them out. Thank you.

"….what?"

The room was silent, all of them looking to Dumbledore, who looked out the window.

"You're bringing muggles into the school, sir? Are you serious?" Minerva McGonagall gasped, her aged, wrinkled face paling at the thought. Dumbledore closed his wise yet tired eyes, nodding his head.

"Why sir?" Severus Snape asked as he crinkled his nose in disgust.

"Well, only one of the two is a muggle, the other was a wizard who had been hidden under the radar until recently. But I will be bringing both in because not only does the magical boy need protection, but the muggle is known for being…a hero, of sorts, in his town. He also has a history of protecting cities and with only his human limits, is seems. I think it'd be a perfect opportunity to have a class….Muggle Arts of Defense," Dumbledore explained and stroked his beard.

"As in…if they are rendered wandless, they can….protect themselves?" Snape asked with a raised eyebrow, thinking over the idea. Albus nodded, his eyes sparkling s he saw his two trusted friends think it over.

"I don't see why…why not," Minerva finally gave in, nodding her head. Snape also nodded, though his eyes were gleaming darkly.

"Does this mean we'll be introducing Hogwarts to its first muggle?" The Potions Master asked, watching as Albus's lips twitched upwards into a smile.

"Yes, my dear boy, it does," Albus chuckled and Minerva smiled softly.

"Who are the two, Albus?" Minerva asked and Albus smiled, looking off towards the far wall.

"Damian Wayne, son of Bruce Wayne and Talia al Ghul," Albus informed and both Snape and Minerva couldn't stop their eyes from widening. Bruce Wayne was a known playboy millionaire even in the Magic world and Talia al Ghul…

"Talia al Ghul!" Minerva gasped, her face pale. "As in the Talia al Ghul who's the daughter of Ra's al Ghul?" Minerva asked, her eyebrows furrowing. Albus nodded.

"Sir, is it wise to allow a student who has the blood of an al Ghul to be a student?" Snape asked, also looking slightly concerned.

After all, Ra's al Ghul was a feared name (though not as feared as You-Know-Who) in the Wizarding world as rumors of his 600 plus life span thanks to the infamous Lazarus Pit spread through the realm.

"It is fine," Albus reassured, smiling, "this is a reason to have the muggle attending – he keeps the young Damian in check," the Headmaster stated and both shared looks of uncertainty.

"And the muggle, sir?" Snape asked.

"Richard 'Dick' Grayson. I've heard he's had a very hard life so he'll fit in just right with the rest of the students," Albus explained and the two nodded.

"If I'm not mistaken, the young Damian Wayne should be receiving his letter as we speak."

X.x.X.x.X

"Grayson! Grayson! Dammit Grayson, get your ass in here!" The voice held no room for excuses as a boy, looking to be the age ten or eleven, yelled heatedly for the said 'Grayson'.

"Damian, it's like, seven in the morning. What do you – IS THAT AN OWL?" Damian watched with amused expression as his caretaker, Dick, flailed his arms around in an alarmed fashion, his eyes wide.

"Good Grayson, you know your animals," Damian mocked and Dick gave him a look before turning his blue eyes back to the animal that was defiantly a ways away from its home.

Dick reached over, unlatching the window lock and pushing the window open in an attempt to grab the bird. The owl fluttered over the adult's head and flew over, dropping a letter from its beak before flying out of the open window. Both vigilantes watched after the bird before turning their attention to the letter.

"Is it some kind of new trick by the Joker or something…?" Dick asked uncertain as his little brother reached over, his hands wrapped around the tightly sealed letter.

"Damian Wayne, fifth bedroom, Wayne Manor," Damian read off, eyebrow raised. Dick's eyebrows shot up, confused by the odd address. He flipped the letter over, mentally running off the different seals he knew.

"….this isn't a common seal. It looks like some school crest or something…" Damian muttered as he squinted his blue eyes, trying (and failing) to make out the letters blurred on the wax seal.

"Want me to open it?" Dick asked as he saw Damian glare at the envelope.

"No," the child snapped and all but violently tore the letter open, the child-like curiosity getting the best of him.

He took out the folded pieces of paper and blinked, his eyes squinting yet again at the neatly written words.

"Hogwarts School Of Witchcraft And Wizardry…what?" Damian asked after a second, his eyes not leaving the large letters. Dick shuffled over and sat down next to the boy, reading over his shoulder.

"Headmaster Albus Dumbledore (Order of Merlin, First class, Grand sorcerer, Chief. Warlock,
Supreme Mugwump, International Confed. of Wizards)….is this a joke?" Damian pondered, glaring at the paper as if it'd suddenly burst into flames. When it didn't he grumbled and read on, seeing as Dick was reading ahead.

"Dear Mr. Wayne, We are pleased to inform you that you have a place at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Please find enclosed a list of all necessary books and equipment. Term begins on 1 September. We await your owl no later than 31st July. Also, please not that this is not a joke. If you don't send your owl by the 31st then we'll be forced to send for you. Yours Sincerely, Minerva McGonagall Deputy Headmistress."

Damian looked offended. Were…were they threatening him? Telling him that he must attend this 'Hogwarts' place? Unlike his father, Damian actually believed in magic. After all, having a grandfather who had a pit of immortality didn't seem like the norm, now did it? And from what he heard from stories from the other Robins, Bruce had his own run ins with magic, so….

"'Also we would like to invite your guardian, Dick Grayson, to join us in a year at Hogwarts as a teacher. He will not have to learn any magic as he'll be teaching a new course – Muggle Defense. You will teach young witches and wizards to protect themselves when they are wandless.' Wandless. Wandless? Oh god," Damian groaned and Dick raised an amused eyebrow before shaking his head as the child fell into his thoughts. When he came out of his thoughts Dick was already shuffling through the other folded papers, reading off the list of supplies. He handed the list to Damian, who scanned it.

Hogwarts School of Witchcraft And Wizardry

Uniform:
First year students will require:
1. Three sets of plain work robes (black)
2. one plain pointed hat (black) for day wear
3. One pair of protective gloves (dragon hide or similar)
4. One winter cloak (black with silver fastenings)

Set Books
All Students should have a copy of the following:
The Standard Book of Spells (Grade 1) by Miranda Goshawk
A History of Magic by Bathilda Bagshot
Magical Theory by Adalbert Waffling
A Beginners' Guide to Transfiguration by Emeric Switch
One Thousand Magical Herbs and Fungi by Phyllis Spore
Magical Drafts and Potions by Arsenius Jigger
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them by Newt Scamander
The Dark Forces: A Guide to Self-Protection by Quentin Trimble

Other Equipment
1 wand
1 cauldron (pewter standard size 2)
1 set of glass or crystal phials
1 telescope
1 set of brass scales

Students may also bring an owl OR a cat OR a toad.

PARENTS ARE REMINDED THAT FIRST YEARS ARE NOT ALLOWED THEIR OWN BROOMSTICKS.

Damian snorted at the last sentence. Oh course they'd have broomsticks – they were wizards and witches after all.

"Do you believe this is real?" Dick asked after he watched his partner mentally sneer at the letters. Damian blinked at him, his face scrunching up as if Dick had just insulted him. Though, with the way the spoiled child thought, he might have without knowing.

"Of course I do, you idiot. I have no reason not to," Damian stated with a snap, folding the letters up and moving out of bed, stumbling slightly when his foot got caught in his blanket. He whirled around to glare at Dick, who looked away innocently as to not show he saw the stumble.

He walked to his desk, looking at it for a second before pulling out a paper and a pen. Dick watched, curious.

"What are you doing?" Dick asked with that tone of his that always made heat boil its way through Damian's veins. It sounded so clueless! It angered Damian to no end!

"Writing my response, Grayson. Did you not read it? If I don't send a response, they'll come for me. We don't want that, now do we Grayson?" Damian asked as calmly as he could, suppressing the urge to roll his eyes as Dick merely titled his head to the smile, a innocent smile playing on his lips.

"Okay," was all the man said before he moved out of the room, leaving a seething Robin.

X.x.X.x.X

"We've received Daman Wayne's response, sir," Minerva announced and Dumbledore looked up from his desk with a smile, his eyes sparkling.

"Thank you Minerva, you may go," Albus spoke and Minerva nodded, looking like she wanted to say something but held it in. She shook her head and left, Albus staring at the response letter with a spinning mind.

X.x.X.x.X

"I swear, when I get to that school I'm punching their stupid British faces …." Damian seethed, grumbling under his breath as he stood beside Dick, who gave a chuckle at his little brother.

"Platform 9 ¾ ….. platform 9 ¾!" Damian burst with anger, his fists clenched as irritation started to get the better of him. They were currently standing at King's Cross station, looking for said platform. They had, during the time before Hogwarts was to start, had met a wizard who had happened to be passing Gotham on a way to Jump City. The nice fellow decided to take Damian to Diagon Alley out of the good-will of his heart. As the day ended Damian came back home with the wizard crying and begging for the 'demonic You-Know-Who mini child' to spare him. Dick didn't ask questions, apologized to the traumatized wizard, and immediately grounded the boy for the remainder of the summer.

"Are you looking for Platform 9 ¾?" A voice asked and the two Bats turned, staring at the boy before them. He was short and skinny; his eyes a shocking green and his hair fluffy and jet black. His eyes, showing behind round spectacles, blinked at the two helpful. He smiled, Damian's eyes moving to lightning bolt shaped scar on the boy's forehead.

"Yeah, we are actually," Dick spoke and the boy flashed a confused look to the adult for a second before flinching, seeing Damian glare.

"This way. We better hurry, it closes at eleven," the helpful boy spoke and lead the two to a pillar between platform 9 and platform 10.

"Of course," Damian grumbled, "it had to be as simple as that."

"How do we get there?" Dick asked, as cheerful as ever. Damian resisted the urge to stab him with one of his many hidden knives, thinking of all the people who'd see it. Not that he couldn't take them, of course, just…there were a lot of them. Yeah, that's all.

"You run into it, of course. Like this," the boy explained and the two heroes could only watch with wide eyes as the boy ran into the pillar and went through it. Damian and Dick shared a look before smirks tugged on their lips.

"One," Damian spoke, his grip on his cart tightening.

"Two," Dick breathed as he placed a hand on Dick's shoulder, his duffle bag slung over his shoulder.

"Three!" Both boys called and rushed, Dick closing his eyes as they felt a cool breeze pass through them. Dick opened his eyes, blinking at the sight of the crimson and black train before them.

"Whoa," both boys breathed out, Damian not even trying to hide his awe.

"Uh…is your dad a wizard?"

The two looked over, seeing the helpful boy from before standing there. They both blinked.

"No," Damian stated and the boy's eyes went wide.

"He can't be here! Muggles aren't allowed," the boy stated and looked around. Damian clenched his hands tightly about the handles of his cart.

"Grayson's allowed to be here, he's going to be teaching at the school. And he's not my father," Damian snapped and shoved pasted the shocked boy.

"Sorry for his behavior. He doesn't like people mistaking me for his father," Dick apologized and watched as the green eyed boy shook his head furious, his cheeks heated slightly.

"N-no, I should be the one to apologize! I didn't realize you were a professor…" the boy trailed off and Dick laughed.

"Don't sweat it. I'm…uh…a muggle. What does that mean, anyways?" Dick asked and the boy blinked.

"Nonmagic folk," he stated bluntly and Dick gave a low chuckle.

"Well then, yes, I'm a muggle. I'll be teaching Muggle Defense at your school. Now, if you'll excuse me, I need to go find Dami before he stabs someone," Dick waved and left leaving the boy by himself.

"Stab someone?" the boy gasped out, flabbergasted.

ON THE TRAIN.

It didn't take Dick long to find his partner – he was already threatening to bite someone's face off.

"Damian! Stop acting like a cannibal!" Dick scolded, grabbing hold of his young adopted brother's shirt collar, watching as the child let out a string of colorful curses. The people watching could only stare.

The boy Damian had been messing with sniffled, blood running down his face.

"When my father hears about this-!" The child didn't finish as a foot slammed into his chest, sending him back. Dick huffed and picked up the child, throwing him over his shoulder as he yelled out swears and threats of stabbing every single one of them.

They found an empty compartment and sat down, Damian seated across from Dick with his arms crossed and his face twisted into one of rage.

"Dami…." Dick trailed off as Damian's eyes fell onto him, his blue eyes (not hidden by a mask since they weren't allowed to wear masks) livid.

"Calm down, please?" Dick gave him a small smile, his head titled to the side slightly. Damian froze, staring at Dick as if he just spoke satanic tongues or something. Dick giving Damian the 'cute calm down' look always caught the child off guard.

"I will kill you Grayson," the boy muttered before looking out the window. Dick gave a chuckle and looked up as the compartment door opened, the boy from earlier standing there.

"Bloody 'ell, you're the bloke that bashed Malfoy's face in!" The ginger in the group gapped, the girl with them smacking him on the arm. Dick and Damian stared at them.

"Don't know, don't care," Damian spoke and went back to staring out the window. Dick gave another chuckle and watched as the three settled themselves into the compartment, the air falling into a comfortable silence.

"So, you said you'd be the new Muggle Defense teacher?" the boy with the scar asked. Dick nodded. The girl perked up.

"Muggle Defense?" She asked, her eyes moving to Dick.

"I'll be teaching self-defense," Dick explained and the girl smiled.

"Oh, how interesting," she spoke and Damian snorted.

"Grayson, I'm hungry," Damian stated in a voice that they could tell was spoiled. Dick shook his head, digging into his duffle bag. He pulled out a pack of crisps and handed them to the boy, who instantly started eating.

"I'm Hermione Granger," the girl spoke, holding her hand out for Dick to shake. Dick smiled and shook her hand, introducing himself.

"Grayson….that name sounds familiar," Hermione muttered more to herself and shook her head, looking to her companions.

"This is Ronald Weasley," she pointed to the ginger who was drooling while looking at Damian's chips, "and Harry Potter." The three waited for Damian to do something, but when no outburst of glee or awe came they blinked. Damian, being the oversensitive ninja he was, felt their stares.

"What?" Damian snapped and the three blinked.

"Do you know who Harry Potter is?" Hermione asked, wondering if he was from Muggle parents.

"That dude. You just said his name. I'm not stupid, you harlot," Damian grumbled and Dick face-palmed, looking at the way Hermione's face flushed with offense.

"H-Harlot!" She cried. "How dare you call me a harlot!" Dick got in between the two, grabbing Damian and placing him beside the adult. Hermione seethed as Harry and Ron shared twin shrugs.

"Damian, what have I said about calling girls harlots?" Dick scolded, crossing his arms over his chest. Damian gave him a glare and also crossed his arms, grumbling darkly.

"Damian…" Dick warned, his voice using that 'I-will-ground-you' tone. Damian bit the inside of his cheek. Dick couldn't threaten him – he wasn't his father.

"If you don't apologize I won't let you patrol with me for a whole month once we get back." Dammit! Damian swore mentally, his hand itching to punch the adult.

"It's not like it matters – I'm going to this stupid school for an entire year. Drake and that clone are watching over Gotham in our absence – that's punishment enough!" Damian snarled out, his eyes narrowing at the thought of Drake doing his job. He didn't like it. He didn't like it one bit.

"Come on, I couldn't leave Gotham unattended to, Dami. Someone had to watch it unless you wanted to come back to Joker claiming Gotham as his. Can you think of what that insane mad-man could do if we weren't there? Nothing good, Damian, nothing good. That's why I asked Tim and Superboy to watch over Gotham City," Dick explained and Damian grumbled, looking like he was pouting.

"Anyway," Ron piped in, looking awkward from just listening to their two-sided conversation, "you're a first year?" Damian moved his eyes slowly to take in the ginger's appearance.

"Yeah, so what?" Damian asked and Ron stared at him with wide eyes, shivering slightly.

"Just don't get sorted into the Slytherin House," the freckled face boy spoke and Damian raised an eyebrow.

"Why?" Dick asked, titling his head in curiosity. Hermione's cheeks heated up slightly at the innocent look on the adult's face and Damian mentally growled, glaring at the female.

No matter where we are, they're throwing themselves at him, the mature boy thought with a sneer, seeing Ron catch Hermione's blush.

"Slytherin house is where all the dark wizards go," Ron snapped out, glaring slightly at Dick, who didn't seem to notice.

"Dark wizards?" Damian asked, intrigued. Harry and Hermione nodded.

"That boy, the one you punched in the face, he was from Slytherin house," Hermione spoke and Harry tried not to snicker at the thought of Malfoy's nose bleeding.

"That's right! You bloody punched Draco Malfoy!" Ron burst with a grin, Damian staring at him with a dry look.

"Oh, that's his name?" Damian hummed uninterested, moving his attention to out the window. His eyebrow twitched as he demanded that Dick and he switch seats. Dick laughed and complied, moving to where Damian had sat. The Golden Trio blinked – the boy was such a brat. Sure, they could see he'd have a foul mood just by his body language but the boy was an utter spoiled brat! Harry mentally groaned at the thought of a second Malfoy – only more dangerous.

"So, what's this about Houses?" Dick asked with a smile, his eyes closed and showing them his long lashes. Hermione blushed again. Ron growled deep in his throat in jealousy and Harry smiled.

"There are four houses at Hogwarts. Gryffindor, Hufflepuff, Ravenclaw, and Slytherin. We're in Gryffindor," Harry explained and motioned to his friends. Damian gave them a once over and snorted.

"What's Gryffindor house, a bunch of weaklings?" Damian asked without much of a pleasant tone, feeling tired and irritated with each passing second he was on the train. He wanted to move around!

"No!" Ron snapped, his cheeks flushing red with rage. "Gryffindor is for the brave of hearts! Courageous!" Ron spat at the child, glaring at him. Damian smirked that smirk of his that promised pain in a later date. Dick gave him a warning jab with his elbow.




